c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bgLayer1.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bgLayer2.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\endMenu.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\explosion.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\laser.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\mainbackground.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\mainMenu.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\mine.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\mineAnimation.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\player.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\shipAnimation.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\gameFont.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\explosion.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\laserFire.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\gameMusic.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\menuMusic.xnb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\gameMusic.wma
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\menuMusic.wma
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\ShooterMultiPlayer.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\ShooterMultiPlayer.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\obj\x86\Debug\ShooterMultiPlayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\obj\x86\Debug\ShooterMultiPlayer.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\obj\x86\Debug\ShooterMultiPlayer.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\RemoteshipAnimation.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bgLayer1.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bgLayer2.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\endMenu.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\explosion.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\laser.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\mainbackground.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\mainMenu.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\mine.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\mineAnimation.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\player.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\RemoteshipAnimation.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\shipAnimation.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\gameFont.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\explosion.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\laserFire.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\gameMusic.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\menuMusic.xnb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\gameMusic.wma
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\menuMusic.wma
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\ShooterMultiPlayer.exe
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\bin\x86\Debug\ShooterMultiPlayer.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\obj\x86\Debug\ShooterMultiPlayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\obj\x86\Debug\ShooterMultiPlayer.exe
C:\Users\admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\ShooterMultiPlayer\obj\x86\Debug\ShooterMultiPlayer.pdb
